what exactly is mom's new job she's an
advocate for superheroes but I thought
superheroes were still illegal so things
haven't spiraled out of control the
moment I left looks normal to me I'll be
there
hey little baby did you wash your hands
with soap did you dry them all
vegetables all vegetable I did so are we
going to talk about it what the elephant
in the room
what elephant moms new job
it's time to make some wrong things
right help me bring supers back into the
sunlight we need to change people's
perceptions about superheroes and
Elastigirl is our best play better than
me I watch the kids no problem you're
supposed to do it dad they wants to do
it I don't know that way why would they
change math math is Batman yes hello hey
honey
KITT everything's great
[Music]
he's in excellent health that is freaky
you know it's crazy right to help my
family I gotta leave it to fix the law I
gotta break it you got to destroy kids
can have that choice thank you young man
combustion imminent what does that mean
it means fire Robert
the screen slider interrupts this
program for an important announcer
suit up and might get weird I'll be
there
[Music]